README.md, before:

_**SaveUp**_

  This repository contains my first **full-fledged** Java project as a first-year Computer Science student.

The goal of this project is to practice and apply core programming concepts in Java, including:
  Basic Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) principles
  Exception handling and input validation
  Use of I/O objects such as Scanner
  Class separation for cleaner, modular code
  Project Purpose

This project is both a learning exercise and a foundation for a portfolio piece. By working on this app, I aim to gradually deepen my understanding of Java while building a program that simulates basic banking operations (such as separate savings jars creation, deposits, widthrawals, and soon fund transfers).

Roadmap / Future Plans
  By the end of the semester, I plan to:
  Implement data structures for managing multiple accounts more efficiently
  Add exception handling and robust input validation
  Explore file handling or database integration to save account data
  And finally, to create a Graphical User Interface (GUI) version of the app

How to Run

Clone this repository:
```
  git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/BankApp.git
  cd BankApp
```  
Compile the project (assuming files are in the SaveUp package):
```
  javac BankApp/*.java
```
Run the program (replace Main with your actual main class name if different):
```
  java BankApp.Main
```

Why This Project?
This app represents my growth as a CS student. While it starts simple, I plan to evolve it into a more complete application that demonstrates both technical skill and problem-solving ability—something I can proudly include in my future portfolio.

Commit message:

Update README with GUI integration details
Added details about the GUI integration and project progress.

README.md, after:

_**SaveUp**_ (Integration of GUI)

  This repository contains my first **full-fledged** Java project as a first-year Computer Science student.
  Additionally, this specific branch is where I'm currently updating my code step by step to finally have a working GUI making it a full fledged app haha

The goal of this project is to practice and apply core programming concepts in Java, including:
  Basic Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) principles
  Exception handling and input validation
  Use of I/O objects such as Scanner
  Class separation for cleaner, modular code
  Project Purpose

This project is both a learning exercise and a foundation for a portfolio piece. By working on this app, I aim to gradually deepen my understanding of Java while building a program that simulates basic banking operations (such as separate savings jars creation, deposits, widthrawals, and soon fund transfers).

Roadmap / Future Plans
  By the end of the semester, I plan to:
  Implement data structures for managing multiple accounts more efficiently
  Add exception handling and robust input validation
  Explore file handling or database integration to save account data
  And finally, to create a Graphical User Interface (GUI) version of the app

How to Run

Clone this repository:
```
  git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/BankApp.git
  cd BankApp
```  
Compile the project (assuming files are in the SaveUp package):
```
  javac BankApp/*.java
```
Run the program (replace Main with your actual main class name if different):
```
  java BankApp.Main
```

Why This Project?
This app represents my growth as a CS student. While it starts simple, I plan to evolve it into a more complete application that demonstrates both technical skill and problem-solving ability—something I can proudly include in my future portfolio.
